Salesforce, Inc. 

First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call 

May 31, 2022 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

C O R P O R A T E   P A R T I C I P A N T S 

Evan Goldstein, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 

Marc Benioff, Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Bret Taylor, Vice-Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Gavin Patterson, President and Chief Revenue Officer 

Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial Officer 

C O N F E R E N C E   C A L L   P A R T I C I P A N T S 

Keith Weiss, Morgan Stanley 

Kirk Materne, Evercore ISI 

Mark Murphy, JP Morgan  

Brad Zelnick, Deutsche Bank 

Brent Bracelin, Piper Sandler 

Brent Thill, Jefferies 

Kash Rangan, Goldman Sachs 

Phil Winslow, Credit Suisse 

P R E S E N T A T I O N 

Evan Goldstein 

Thank  you  Emma.  Hello  everyone  and  thanks  for  joining  us  for  our  Fiscal  2023  First  Quarter  Results 
Conference Call. I’m Evan Goldstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 

Our  press  release,  SEC  filings  and  a  replay  of  today’s  call  can  be  found  on  our  IR  website  at 
www.salesforce.com/investor. 

With me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and Co-CEO; Bret Taylor, Vice Chair and Co-CEO; Amy 
Weaver, Chief Financial Officer; and Gavin Patterson, Chief Revenue Officer.  

1 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

As  a  reminder,  our  commentary  today  will  primarily  be  in  non-GAAP  terms.  Reconciliation  between  our 
GAAP and non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings and press release.  

Some  of  our  comments  today  may  contain  forward-looking  statements  that  are  subject  to  risk, 
uncertainties  and  assumptions,  which  are  subject  to  change.  Should  any  of  these  risks  materialize,  or 
should our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actually company results could differ materially from these 
forward-looking statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and other factors 
that  could  affect  our  financial  results  is  included  in  our  SEC  filings,  including  our  most  recent  report  on 
Form 10-K. 

Before I hand the call over to Marc, I’m excited to welcome Mike Spencer to Salesforce. As many of you 
know,  I  will  be  taking  on  a  new  role  here  at  Salesforce  supporting  Strategic  Planning  and  our  Product 
organization, and Mike has joined Salesforce to lead Investor Relations. Mike is familiar to many of you 
as  he  previously  led  Investor  Relations  at  Microsoft.  Thank  you,  Marc,  Bret,  Amy,  Gavin  for  allowing 
meaningful  rotations  that  enable  career  development.  It  is  one  of  the  many  benefits  of  working  at 
Salesforce.  

And thank you to the investment community for welcoming me over two years ago. Leading IR has been 
one of the most rewarding experiences in my career. 

With that, let me hand the call over to Marc.  

Marc Benioff 

Hey, thanks so much Evan, and congratulations on your promotion. It’s so well deserved. You’ve done a 
phenomenal job in the  last two years and we’re  also  thrilled for you. Thank you  for agreeing to take  on 
this incredible new role at Salesforce and leading these teams, and we could not be more excited for you, 
and we cannot be more excited to welcome Mike Spencer to Salesforce. I know that many of the folks on 
this  call  have  worked  with  Mike  before.  Should  be  a  familiar  voice,  and  a  friend.  Looking  forward  to 
working closely with Mike. Mike is going to be based  out of our Atlanta headquarters and really excited 
about that because our new Chief Information Officer is there as well as a number of other incredible new 
executives from Salesforce including our new Chief Accounting Officer and our Chief Commercial Officer. 
Really a cool thing to see Atlanta in our kind of post-pandemic reality become such a center of gravity for 
Salesforce.  In fact, we just had our Q1 Operations Review there and it was exciting to welcome Mike to 
the team.  

With that, let me just tell you it’s been a whirlwind for our management team, as you’re about to hear on 
this call. We have been on the road. I personally was just in Sydney, Australia. I was in Tokyo. We were 
in Atlanta. We were in New York, and last week we were in Davos, Switzerland. All that was in I think the 
last four or five weeks. We’ve really  been  all over the world.  It’s been pretty awesome. We’ve met with 
hundreds  and  hundreds  of  customers  and  I  can  tell  you  that  our  business—you  can  see  this  in  the  Q1 
numbers, can’t you? It’s incredibly healthy. You can also see we had a great quarter. 

We’re carefully watching the economic data. I know all of you are doing that as well. So far, we’re just not 
seeing  any  material  impact  on  the  broader  economic  world  that  all  of  you  are  in.  Our  demand 
environment, the demand is very strong. If you look over the last 23 years, Salesforce has proven to be 
incredibly  resilient  based  on  this  incredible  business  model  we  have.  And  incredible  technology  model 
that we have. We’ve been through all kinds of dot com crashes and recessions and  financial crises and 
global  pandemics  and  all  of  you  have  watched  us  go  through  every  possible  storm,  but  we  continue  to 
weather these storms through the power and strength of our model. 

2 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

In 2001, I think it really impacted us; we almost lost our business because we were on monthly contracts,  
we didn’t have the right cash flow structure. Investors just wouldn’t give us any money, and so we made a 
lot of changes then. It’s really strengthened our business and made us more durable over time. There’s 
now  no  better  measure  of  our  durability  of  the  business  model,  the  momentum  of  the  business,  the 
strength of the technology model than our remaining performance obligation, the future revenue that we 
have in our contract.  

In  Q1  we  had  $42  billion  in  RPO,  up  20%  year-over-year.  Pretty  amazing.  In  every  crisis  we’ve 
experienced over nearly a quarter of a century, I’ll just tell you I think that Salesforce—and I’m sure you 
all  agree—always  emerges  stronger  than  ever.  We  became  more  strategic  and  more  relevant  to  our 
customers because we focus on their success and that continues today. That’s why we’ve been able to 
grow our revenue for 72 consecutive quarters, through every cycle, a focus on customer success, and it’s 
why Salesforce remains the number one in CRM now for the ninth year in a row; growing in share in all 
CRM segments yet again according to the IDC Software Tracker. 

When it comes to our financial results, we had, as you can see, a very strong quarter. You can also know 
that the dollar—well, I think the dollar might have even had a stronger quarter than we did, which is kind 
of amazing, and I certainly saw that in my travels over the last month. Although these kind of fluctuations 
in  foreign  currency  markets  had  an  unexpected  impact  in  the  quarter,  we  still  delivered  $7.4  billion  in 
revenue, up 24% year-over-year.  

Foreign exchange movements have resulted in a revenue headwind of about $109 million year-over-year, 
something we could not have anticipated. Operating cash flow, though, in the quarter, well, here it is: $3.7 
billion,  up  14%  year-over-year,  reflecting  very  strong  performance  across  the  core  business.  Operating 
margin in the quarter, that was 17.6%.  

Turning to our revenue guidance, well, as I mentioned, 10% in foreign exchange volatility that increased 
the year-over-year headwinds by an additional $300  million for a total of $600  million for the year since 
we first gave you guidance at our Investor Day. To give you an example, I was in Japan for the first time 
since  the  pandemic  a  couple  of  weeks  ago,  maybe  it  was  two  weeks  ago,  and  I  couldn’t  believe  the 
decline in the value of the yen. It was a very good time to be a tourist in Japan, but I called our team and I 
said, “You know, this is  great to a be tourist in Japan, but it’s going  to  have  implications as we roll  this 
revenue up from the Japanese market to our U.S. dollars.” In fact, our Japan revenue in the fourth quarter 
faced a 12% headwind year-over-year just—the yen had a historic fall; something I’ve just never seen. 

As a result of these headwinds, we’re lowering our Fiscal ’23 revenue guidance by $300 million to $31.7 
billion to $31.8 billion or about 20% growth year-over-year.  

For operating margin, we’re raising  our Fiscal  ’23  non-GAAP guidance  by 40 basis points to 20.4%, an 
expansion of 170 basis points year-over-year.  

As all of you know, we’re quite committed to consistent margin and cash flow growth as part of this long-
term plan and model that we have to drive both top- and bottom line performance. As I said, this demand 
environment for our Customer 360 platform, as you’re about to hear from Bret and from Gavin and from 
Amy and from others, well, it remains incredibly healthy.  

Our  customer  relationships  are  amazingly  strong,  as  evidenced  by  these  hundreds  of  customers  that 
we’ve  met  with  just  in  the  last  couple  of  weeks,  and  I’ll  tell  you,  as  you  hear  some  of  these  incredible 
stories  from  the  quarter,  companies  like  State  Farm  and  Formula  One  and  Goodyear  and  even  the 
Department  of  Commerce,  well,  I’ll  tell  you,  these  customers,  they’re  very  excited  to  be  able  to  get  not 
only incredible productivity from our product but also growth as well.  

3 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Let  me  say  that  this  is  a  time  when  every  company,  every  industry,  every  government  is  investing  in 
digital transformation. No company is better positioned than we are to help companies transform for the 
digital  future.  That  was  something  we  fully  experienced  in  Davos  last  week,  and  I  could  not  be  more 
grateful to our 77,000 Ohana, millions of trailblazers who are making a difference for our customers and 
the world.  

Now, over to Bret. 

Bret Taylor 

Thanks Marc. 

As Marc said, we had a great quarter and we see strong demand across our clouds, our industries and 
our regions despite the unprecedented foreign exchange headwinds. Our results really demonstrate the 
power of our strategy. 

Our  products  are  more  relevant  than  ever  before  as  companies  invest  in  our  Customer  360  platform  to 
connect  with  their  customers  and  to  drive  cost  savings  in  this  new  digital  economy.  Our  technology  is 
deeply  differentiated  with  our  Hyperforce  infrastructure  and  Einstein  artificial  intelligence  enabling  our 
customers  to  reach  global  scale  with  levels  of  trust  that  are  unmatched  in  the  industry.  Einstein  is  now 
doing 164 billion predictions per day, which is just incredible.  

Our ecosystem is unparalleled. We have over 15  million trailblazers creating what IDC estimates will be 
$1.6 trillion in economic impact for our customers and for our partners. And our business model, as Marc 
said, is durable. It’s diversified across industries, regions, lines of business, ensuring we’re resilient in the 
face of any economic cycle.  

And finally, our leadership team continues to focus on disciplined execution, which is driving both top line 
performance and sustained operating margin cash flow expansion.  

As  Marc  said,  we’ve  all  been  on  the  road  and  we’ve  been  reconnecting  with  our  customers,  our 
trailblazers  and  our  partners.  The  common  theme  from  the  customers  I’ve  met  with,  from  Singapore  to 
New York to the 30 CEOs I met one-on-one with at Davos last week is that digital transformation trends 
that dramatically accelerated during the pandemic, they continue full steam ahead despite all the volatility 
in the global economy.  

One great example is ADT, the leader in home alarm systems. ADT used our Service Cloud to execute 
over  200,000  virtual  service  visits  in  its  first  quarter.  As  a  result,  the  company  avoided  sending  out 
technicians in trucks in 80% of its service cases. They lowered their cost and they lowered their carbon 
footprint,  all  while  achieving  higher  customer  satisfaction.  This  is  the  promise  of  technology,  to  drive 
productivity,  and  our  Customer  360  platform  is  relevant  whether  you’re  trying  to  scale  growth,  increase 
productivity  and  profitability,  or  meet  your  sustainability  goals.  All  three  are  increasingly  relevant  to  our 
customers across the globe.  

We  had  strong  year-over-year  growth  across  every  region  in  the  quarter:  21%  in  the  Americas,  33%  in 
EMEA and 24% in APAC. We saw strong momentum across every cloud in our Customer 360 platform as 
well. 

Sales Cloud continues to accelerate, surpassing $1.6 billion in the quarter, growing 18% year-over-year 
with  great  wins  like  DoorDash  and  Stellantis.  Stellantis,  which  was  formed  last  year  from  the  merger 
between  Fiat  Chrysler  and  the  French  PSA  Group,  decided  to  standardize  the  entire  company  on 
Salesforce. They replaced more than 2,500 apps with Customer 360. With Sales Cloud, they now have a 

4 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

single  source  of  truth  for  all  their  customer  engagement  to  drive  growth  while  delivering  best-in-class 
personalized service. 

Our Service Cloud grew at 17% year-over-year to $1.76 billion in revenue in the quarter. State  Farm, a 
long  time  Salesforce  customer,  was  a  great  Service  Cloud  success  story  this  quarter.  They're  now 
combining  our  Field  Service  platform  with  Sales  Cloud,  Service  Cloud,  Financial  Services  Cloud  to 
enhance their entire end-to-end customer support experience, especially during catastrophic events. We 
also continue to see strong momentum with our Marketing Cloud with customers like Bose and Colgate 
Palmolive.  Our  Marketing  Cloud  has  become  even  more  relevant  to  CMOs  as  they  navigate  the 
significant changes in mobile operating systems and new privacy regulations around the globe. This is the 
new  cookie-less  world,  and  it's  made  growing  and  measuring  consumer  engagement  harder  than  ever 
before, and it's driving investment in our Customer Data Platform, which has become one of the fastest-
growing  products  we've  ever  released.  Bose  is  using  our  CDP  to  unify  their  customer  information  from 
hundreds of different sources to drive hyperpersonalized marketing, multichannel campaign management 
and real-time engagement, all with compliance and trust built in natively. We also saw Commerce Cloud 
wins at YETI, L'Occitane and Goodyear, continuing the digital commerce trend that accelerated so rapidly 
in the pandemic. Together, Marketing and Commerce do 22% year-over-year in the quarter.  

Our  data  clouds,  including  MuleSoft  and  Tableau,  grew  15%  year-over-year  in  the  quarter.  Data  is  the 
fuel  for  every  digital  interaction,  and  MuleSoft  and  Tableau  continue  to  be  foundational  for  every  multi-
cloud Customer 360 deal. Tableau wins in the quarter included ADT, Bose and Lookers Motor Group, a 
top auto retailer in the UK. MuleSoft was also part of some of our largest deals in the quarter, including 
NTT, and continues to deepen our relationships with existing customers like Rocket Mortgage. 

As you know, we've been working through some issues on MuleSoft's go-to-market motion over the past 
couple of quarters. Amy will get into specifics, but I'm encouraged by the progress we're making, and we 
have a strong pipeline for the back half of the year.  

I'm  also  excited  to  say  that  Slack  continues  to  exceed  our  revenue  expectations,  with  wins  of  the  self-
driving car company, Cruise and the UK Ministry of Justice. This was the fourth consecutive quarter we 
see  more  than  40%  growth  in  customers  spending  more  than  $100,000  with  Slack  annually.  We  also 
continue  to  see  strong  momentum  across  our  12  industry  verticals,  including  financial  services,  health 
care, consumer goods and manufacturing. Our industry-specific clouds were part of 7 of our top 10 deals 
this quarter. 

I'm  so  grateful  for  our  15  million  trailblazers,  all  of  our  partners  and  our  77,000  employees  for  helping 
provide  our  customers  with  the  innovation,  agility  and  resilience  they  need  to  navigate  these  uncertain 
times.  Our  customer  success  drives  our  financial  success,  and  this  unrivaled  community  is  why  our 
customers choose Salesforce as their trusted digital advisor. 

Now, over to Gavin to talk about some of the customer success stories from the quarter. 

Gavin Patterson 

Thanks  Bret,  and  thank  you  everyone  for  being  on  the  call  today.  I  want  to  start  by  talking  about  the 
strong demand environment we're in. As Bret and Marc said, even in this volatile environment, companies 
are  continuing  to  invest  in  their  digital  transformations,  and  we're  seeing  that  in  our  strong  pipeline  and 
momentum  in  the  business.  I've  been  on  the  road  this  quarter  across  the  U.S.,  Europe,  Asia  and  most 
recently in Davos, and in all my conversations, there is a real sense of urgency with our customers. In this 
new or digital work-from-anywhere world, our customers need to create incredible customer experiences 
across  every  interaction  to  stay  competitive.  At  the  same  time,  they  need  to  realize  productivity  gains, 

5 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

efficiencies and resilience from their technology investments. That's why they're turning to Salesforce as 
their trusted digital advisors and to the Customer 360 as their digital platform.  

We're seeing this  play  out  in the  growth of transformational deals, customers making longer-term multi-
cloud investments in Salesforce. These Customer 360 transformation deals with five or more clouds grew 
21% year-over-year in the quarter. We again saw strong growth in every region. In the Americas, we grew 
relationships with Brightspeed, Blue Shield of California, SHA Hotels, Workday, Covered California, and 
Ferguson, a $23 billion distributor of plumbing and heating products. 

Looking at Ferguson in a little more detail, Ferguson has been able to grow its sales during the heart of 
the  supply  chain  challenges  using  Customer  360  to  give  them  a  single  view  of  their  supplier,  associate 
and  customer  relationships.  In  the  quarter,  Ferguson  significantly  expanded  its  relationship  with  our 
Professional Services organization. 

In EMEA, we had significant wins with Lookers Motor Group, Esprit and one of the largest telecom and 
media companies in France. They're standardizing on Salesforce to not only speed their time to market 
and  reduce  IT  costs  but  also  to  deliver  an  amazing  digital-first,  front-end  experience  for  their  45  million 
subscribers. As I mentioned, we had a great win in the UK with Lookers Motor Group. With the Customer 
360, Lookers has a single unified platform, driving efficiency within their dealerships and contact centers 
and improving the overall car buying experience for their customers. 

Turning  to  APAC.  we  continue  to  deepen  our  relationships  with  amazing  brands  like  Kotak  Mahindra 
Bank, LG and NTT, which is also a great Tableau and MuleSoft win. In LatAm, we had a significant win 
with  Serasa  Experian;  they  chose  Salesforce  Marketing  Cloud  to  improve  engagement  with  our  current 
and prospective customers and to increase marketing efficiency.  

Formula 1 is watched by 1.5 billion viewers. and today they're using Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Service 
Cloud and Sales Cloud to attract new fans, increase fan engagement and convert that fan engagement 
into  brand  value  and  revenue.  Salesforce  will  help  Formula  1  leverage  customer  insights  across  every 
channel, both physical and non-physical and create an end-to-end fan experience strategy powered by an 
integrated  platform,  and  our  professional  services  team  will  help  to  manage  their  technology  and 
implementation. 

In  the  quarter,  the  National  Telecommunications  and  Information  Administration  within  the  U.S. 
Department  of  Commerce  selected  Salesforce  to  support  the  administration  of  the  $48  billion  from 
broadband  grants  to  state  territories,  tribal  entities  and  other  eligible  applicants  to  create  more  low-cost 
broadband service options and to address digital quality and inclusion needs across U.S. communities.  

To  wrap  it  up,  DoorDash  has  grown  tremendously  since  the  pandemic.  They  fulfilled  more  than  400 
million  orders  in  the  last  quarter  alone  and  as  a  mobile-first  business  growing  at  an  incredible  rate, 
DoorDash turned to Salesforce to improve the customer experience and to respond to issues in real time 
for its hundreds of thousands of merchants, customers and dashers. They also selected Sales Cloud and 
MuleSoft to enable them to bring in new merchants on faster and more efficiently. 

These  are  just  a  few  examples  from  our  strong  quarter,  and  we're  grateful  for  customers'  continued 
partnership and trust. 

Amy, over to you to discuss the financial details of the quarter. 

Amy Weaver 

6 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Great. Thank you Gavin, and good afternoon everyone. As Marc and Bret said, we had strong financial 
results this quarter, and our pipeline remains robust. We are well positioned to serve our customers in this 
uncertain macroenvironment. 

Let's  go  through  some  of  our  results  for  Q1  of  Fiscal  '23,  beginning  with  top  line  commentary.  Total 
revenue for the first quarter was $7.41 billion. This is up 24% year-over-year or 26% in constant currency. 

A  few  key  highlights  from  the  quarter.  The  momentum  in  Sales  Cloud  continued  in  Q1,  with  revenue 
accelerating  to  18%  growth  year-over-year,  20%  in  constant  currency.  Slack  again  outperformed  our 
revenue  expectations  with  $348  million  in  Q1  compared  to  our  guide  of  $330  million.  The  number  of 
customers  spending  more  than  $100,000  annually  grew  45%  year-over-year.  Our  industry's  products 
remain in high demand and are providing out-of-the-box solutions to customers with specific needs. We 
saw  an  industry's  product  included  in  7  out  of  our  top  10  deals  this  quarter.  And  from  a  geographic 
perspective, EMEA performance was strong with particular strength in both the UK and France. 

Now to provide an update on MuleSoft, total revenue increased 9% year-over-year against a strong prior 
year  comparison,  driven  by  lower-than-expected  new  business  as  we  work  through  the  go-to-market 
organizational changes we discussed on the last call. As a reminder, on average, 50% of MuleSoft's total 
contract value is recognized in period, resulting in more quarterly volatility than our core products. As Bret 
mentioned,  MuleSoft's  pipeline  remains  strong,  and  we  still  anticipate  seeing  the  benefits  from  these 
changes in the back half of Fiscal '23. 

Total company revenue attrition remains at record lows and in Q1, again, between 7% to 7.5%. As Marc 
mentioned,  our  remaining  performance  obligation,  representing  all  future  revenue  under  contract  ended 
Q1  at  approximately  $42  billion,  up  20%  year-over-year.  Current  remaining  performance  obligation,  or 
CRPO,  was  approximately  $21.5  billion,  up  21%  year-over-year  and  24%  in  constant  currency.  Slack 
represented  approximately  5  points  of  that  growth,  in  line  with  our  guidance.  This  strong  RPO 
performance  at  our  scale  reflects  the  relevance  of  our  product  portfolio  and  strategic  relationships  with 
our customers. 

Turning to operating  margin for the quarter, for Q1, non-GAAP operating  margin was 17.6%. Q1 GAAP 
EPS was $0.03  and non-GAAP  EPS was  $0.98. Mark-to-market accounting as  the company's strategic 
investments benefited both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.01. 

Moving  to  cash  flow,  for  Q1  operating  cash  flow  was  $3.7  billion,  up  14%  year-over-year.  Capex  was 
$179 million, resulting in free cash flow of $3.5 billion, up 14% year-over-year. 

Now before turning to our guidance, I'd like to call attention to the impact that foreign exchange is having 
on our financials. As a reminder, our primary currency exposures are to the euro, the Great British pound, 
the Japanese yen and, to a lesser extent, to the Australian dollar. Since we last provided our outlook for 
Fiscal  Year ‘23, the  dollar  has continued to strengthen against  all  of these currencies.  As such, we are 
providing increased transparency this quarter into the impact of FX on our guidance. 

Now let's get to that guidance. For the full year, the change in currencies represents an incremental $300 
million  year-over-year  headwind  on  top  of  the  $300  million  we  provided  last  quarter,  bringing  the  total 
year-over-year FX headwind to $600 million. As such, we are now guiding to Fiscal '23 revenue of $31.7 
billion to $31.8 billion or approximately 20% growth year-over-year. Our guidance continues to assume a 
$1.5 billion contribution from Slack. 

We  expect Q2 revenue of  $7.69 billion to $7.7 billion  or approximately  21%  growth year-over-year. Our 
Q2  revenue  guidance  includes  a  $200  million  year-over-year  headwind  from  FX  and  a  $360  million 
contribution from Slack. For Q2, we expect to deliver CRPO growth of approximately 15% year-over-year. 

7 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

This  includes  a  3-point  headwind  from  FX.  As  a  reminder,  Q2  represents  Slack’s  fifth  quarter  of 
contribution to CRPO and therefore, the year-on-year growth rate is now normalized. 

We  expect  GAAP  loss  per  share  of  negative  $0.03  to  negative  $0.02  and  non-GAAP  EPS  of  $1.01  to 
$1.02. For the full year, we expect GAAP EPS of $0.38 to $0.40 and non-GAAP EPS of $4.74 to $4.76. 
Please recall that our OIE and EPS guidance both assume no further mark-to-market adjustments of our 
strategic investment portfolio. 

Turning to operating margin, I am very pleased to announce that we are raising our Fiscal '23 non-GAAP 
operating  margin  guidance  by  40  basis  points  to  20.4%.  This  includes  100  basis  points  to  125  basis 
points of headwind from M&A. This guidance increase represents an expansion of 170 basis points year-
over-year  and  270  basis  points  over  two  years,  all  driven  by  a  continued  focus  on  disciplined  decision-
making across the organization, and as a company we are committed to continuing to improve profitability 
over the long term. 

With  respect  to  FX,  because  our  regional  revenue  and  expenses  are  generally  in  the  same  currencies, 
there tends to be a natural hedge in our operating margin. As such, although we've seen FX headwinds to 
revenue, we don't currently anticipate a material impact to our operating margin for the full fiscal year. 

Moving to cash flow, we remain well on our way to drive another year of record cash flow generation, and 
we are reiterating our Fiscal '23 operating cash flow guidance of approximately 21% to 22% growth year-
over-year. In addition, our guidance continues to assume a 3-point headwind from cash taxes associated 
with  tax law changes requiring the capitalization  of certain  R&D costs. We continue to expect Capex of 
approximately  2%  of  revenue  in  Fiscal  '23,  resulting  in  free  cash  flow  growth  of  approximately  25%  to 
27% for the fiscal year. 

To close, while there is uncertainty in the macro environment, our customers are continuing to come to 
Salesforce to transform their businesses. The demand we are seeing from our customers is a testament 
to  the  strength  of  these  strategic  relationships  and  the  relevance  of  our  product  portfolio.  This  gives  us 
confidence in the durability of  our  business model, and we're excited to help our customers  navigate in 
this changing economy. 

Now before we wrap up, I do want to thank specifically Evan for his incredible leadership with the IR team 
over the last two years, his partnership and friendship and wish them all the best in his new role. And let 
me say officially welcome to Mike Spencer, who I'm delighted to have joining us. 

With that, Emma, let's open the line for questions. 

Operator 

Thank you. 

Your first question today comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. 

Mark Murphy 

Yes. Thank you. Marc (inaudible). 

Amy Weaver 

Hi Mark. This is Amy. We're having a lot of trouble hearing you. 

8 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Mark Murphy 

Apologies. (Inaudible). 

Bret Taylor 

Operator, we may need to move on to the next question. 

Amy Weaver 

Yes. Let's move on and see if we can come back to Mark. 

Operator 

Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now 
open. 

Keith Weiss 

Thanks guys for taking the question and really nice quarter in Q1. Two questions. One on Sales Cloud. 
This is probably the part of the portfolio that investors have been most worried about maturation and sort 
of the high market share that Salesforce has. You guys have been able to see accelerating growth. Can 
you dig in a little bit on kind of what's driving it? Is it the vertical solutions or something in particular that 
has really reinvigorated that line item? 

And  then  one  for  Amy  on  the  operating  margins.  I  don't  think  anyone  was  expecting  operating  margins 
going  up  after  this  quarter.  Can  you  talk  to  us  a  little  bit  about  those  initiatives  that  are  enabling  better 
operating  margins?  There's  some  speculation  in  the  press  about  maybe  slower  headcount  growth  or 
some culling of expenses. Is there something programmatic that's enabling you guys to drive that better 
operating margin on a go-forward basis? Thank you. 

Bret Taylor 

We're really excited about Sales Cloud growth. Not only did it grow 18% year-over-year in the quarter, but 
in constant currency grew 20%, which I think is symbolic threshold for as you said, the product that Marc 
and Parker built 23 years ago that is still as relevant today as it ever has been. 

I think first and foremost it speaks to our innovation strategy and the organic innovation coming from our 
engineering teams at the company. Just an example, late last year we introduced Revenue Intelligence, 
which  is  a  deep  integration  between  Tableau  and  our  Sales  Cloud  that  enables  sales  teams  to  enable 
every  rep  to  be  more  efficient,  to  collect  cash  faster,  to  boost  growth  and  really  bringing  together  this 
entire  Customer  360  portfolio  to  give  our  customers  not  only  a  chance  to  reimagine  their  Sales  Cloud 
implementations, but make Sales Cloud relevant to an even broader range of customers. 

So  we're  really  excited  about  our  innovation  strategy.  When  you  look  at  some  of  the  wins  that  we've 
talked about in this quarter like ADT or DoorDash, you think about this next generation of selling in this 
era of flexible work, there's always an opportunity for our customers to reimagine their approach to sales 
and  Sales  Cloud  continues  to  be  the  most  innovative  platform  for  opportunity  management  and  lead 
management.  

9 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

We  are  excited  about  our  market-leading  position.  And  also,  I  just  want  to  say  congratulations  to  the 
engineering teams, who are continuing to teach an old dog new tricks and continue to innovate on what 
is, I think, really the world's leading CRM platform.  

Amy, talk about operating margin. 

Amy Weaver 

Sure. I'd love to. Hi, Keith, thanks for the question. As you noted, I really am very, very pleased about the 
raise on our operating margin up to 20.4% for this fiscal year. This is not the result of any single change. 
It's really driven by disciplined decision-making and trying to really unlock incremental efficiencies across 
the  entire  business.  We've  asked  each  leader  to  step  up  to  really  look  across  their  business  and  to 
strategically prioritize their investments and this is really to make sure that we're getting the highest return 
for every dollar that we invest. 

You asked about hiring, again, as a result, we're going to continue to hire, we are hiring. But we're doing it 
in  a  much  more  measured  pace,  and  we're  focusing  the  majority  of  our  new  hires  on  roles  that  will 
support customer success and the execution of our top priorities.  

This focus on margin, this is really over the long term, and we are all committed that this is going to make 
us a stronger company.  But I do want to reiterate, this is  not just a Finance-led initiative. This focus on 
discipline  is  being  applied  across  our  entire  organization.  This  is  supported  by  Marc,  by  Bret,  by  Gavin 
and truly by our entire leadership team. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore. Your line is now open. 

Kirk Materne 

Hi. Thanks very much and congrats on the quarter.  

I  don't  know  who  wants  to  take  this,  Marc  or  Bret,  but  you  mentioned  Salesforce  being  able  to  sort  of 
perform through economic cycles. I was wondering if there's any change to the go-to-market playbook in 
a tougher economic environment, if  at all, in terms of which products might be  better to  lead with when 
you start getting in these periods? 

Then  second  question  would  be  for  Amy.  Amy,  you  basically  kept  your  fiscal  year  guidance—revenue 
guidance unchanged when adjusting for FX. I think everybody is wondering if that guidance probably now 
reflects a little bit more conservatism given the more uneven macro backdrop. Could you just comment on 
that a little bit, maybe versus where we were 90 days ago? 

Marc Benioff 

Well, I think you're right that in an environment like this that our selling strategy will change, our narrative 
will change. Bret, I think, said it really well; we're going to focus more on how we can deliver productivity 
for  the  customer  and  lower  their  costs.  At  a  robust  time,  we  talk  about  the  top  line  advancement.  Of 
course, it's different for every customer, you know that. 

To  the  last  point  that  we  just  heard  from  the  previous  question,  which  was  a  good  question,  why  has 
Sales Cloud remained so strong, and you can see more than 18% growth, and Service Cloud more than 
17% growth. It's incredible to see the growth of these core products. Today, I was in a retailer that I like. I 

10 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

have a personal relationship with Brunello Cucinelli. I’m going to have dinner with him this week and I was 
just  kind  of  preparing  for  that  and  walked  in  the  store  and  I  realized  that  the  retail  agent  in  the  store  is 
using Sales Cloud and the platform and asking them, “Hey, how do you like it? What do you think about 
the solution?” They have it all set in Italian and it's like ricerca in Salesforce, search in Salesforce. I'm like, 
“Wow, the product,” I don't think we ever could have imagined all the different uses that it has today  24 
years ago when we invented it.  

I think that, that kind of flexibility is really what continues to drive its growth. We've talked about that retail 
use case at AT&T as well has been so important for them. Again, we never really thought that that point-
of-sale  environment  would  be  so  dramatic  for  that  incredible  product.  But  when  you're  working  with 
customers in an environment like this, it really gets down to really understanding what they're trying to do; 
every customer has a slightly different solution.  

Gavin, do you want to come in here and give an example of some of you recently put together? 

Gavin Patterson 

Well,  I  think  in  this  type  of  environment,  the  key  word  is  relevance.  Listening  to  your  customers, 
understanding  what  the  challenge—the  specific  challenges  they  are  facing  and  making  sure  that  you 
tailor the approach to that.  In  many cases,  Sales Cloud  is the right  lead,  particularly with new business 
and new customers. Other customers it’s right to lead with Service Cloud and use that as a way of taking 
cost out of the business, and we've used both. 

Then we have customers who, as I said in my comments earlier, who are taking the Customer 360. Our 
multi-cloud  take  up  this  quarter  is  very  strong,  up  21%  with  customers  taking  five  or  more  clouds.  So  I 
think it's about listening to the customer, it's about being relevant, understanding that actually we're going 
through a period now where productivity and transformation is more important than the last few quarters, 
and making sure that we tailor our messages accordingly. 

Marc Benioff 

I would add also kind of the relationships matter. I talked about Formula One and Gavin was in Monaco 
over  the  weekend  and  Stefano  Domenicali,  who  is  the  CEO  of  Formula  One,  was  our  customer  at 
Lamborghini.  And  of  course,  we  work  closely  with  him  and  the  whole  Volkswagen  management  team. 
When  they're  looking  at  this  current  environment,  when  Formula  One  is  looking  at  the  environment, 
everybody is going to have a slightly different take, so it's nice to have those high-quality relationships at 
times like this. 

Amy Weaver 

Great. Kirk, hi. I'll take the second part of your question here on the guide.  

Look, we feel good about what we're seeing. You've heard that from Marc, from Gavin, from Bret, you’ve 
heard  about  our  pipeline.  But  we're  mindful  of  the  uncertain  macro  environment,  and  that  includes 
continuing FX volatility. I believe that our guidance is appropriately conservative under the circumstances. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JP Morgan. Your line is now open. 

Mark Murphy 

11 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Yes, thank you. Bret, our survey work has shown potential for Slack to be adopted by  one-quarter of all 
employees in the next several years. It looks like a huge number above Google Workspaces and it looks 
like it could be rivaling Zoom. What do you see as the best use of this $4 billion R&D budget you have to 
try to accelerate the Slack innovations and achieve that level of ubiquity? I'm wondering if you would see 
any opportunity to potentially do more with native video conferencing? 

Bret Taylor 

That's a great question. As I think about our innovation, it's really that all of our clouds work together in a 
complementary  way.  Sales  and  Service  complement  each  other.  Sales,  Service,  Digital  Marketing  and 
Ecommerce  complement  each  other  because  it  really  represents  the  entire  front  office.  When  I  think 
about  our  acquisitions  like  MuleSoft,  Tableau  and  Slack,  they  really  amplify  our  value  proposition  for 
Customer 360.  

Tableau  helps  all  of  our  customers  see  and  understand  their  data,  which  is  more  relevant  than  ever 
before  as  every  interaction  becomes  digital.  MuleSoft  enables  our  customers  to  integrate  all  of  their 
legacy and back office systems to Salesforce and really create a strategic platform that accelerates  their 
digital transformation. And Slack, as Gavin and Marc and I heard in Davos last week, is relevant in every 
single conversation because every single one of our customers is deciding how do they succeed in this 
new era of flexible work? Because every single—particularly office worker—isn't coming back to the office 
five days a week. But it's really not an either/or question because Slack makes the entire Customer 360 
more relevant.  

In fact, one of the things I'm most excited about from this past quarter is we shift a lot of the integrations 
between Customer 360 and Slack, whether it's team selling and account management in our Sales Cloud 
or case swarming  in our Service Cloud—it's actually  one of the solutions that DoorDash uses with their 
Service Cloud deployment. Really using our Slack to amplify their investment in our Service Cloud and to  
succeed in this new era where their workforce is working from anywhere. 

Really  excited  to  not  only  invest  in  Slack  as  a  standalone  platform,  which  is  just  incredible,  but  I'm  just 
excited  with  how  much  more  relevant  our  Customer  360  value  proposition  is  now  that  Slack  is  in  the 
building.  I  think  it's  going  to  be  one  of  the  best  acquisitions  we  ever  did,  and  it  really  makes  every 
customer conversation more relevant in this new era of flexible work. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 

Brad Zelnick 

Great. Thanks very much for taking my question and congrats on the strong start to the year.  

Amy, the business generates a ton of free cash flow. You have almost $14 billion of cash on the balance 
sheet, and your stock is trading at a really attractive multiple. What would need to happen for you and the 
Board to consider buying back your stock? 

Amy Weaver 

Brad, hi. Thanks for the  question.  As you know,  historically we've not  done  buybacks, but  I will  tell you 
that, as a company, we are always looking at our capital allocation strategy. Our Board consistently looks 
at this on a quarterly basis, and it's really to assess the best use of cash.  

12 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Right  now,  our  overall  focus  is  on  strengthening  our  balance  sheet  to  really  capitalize  on  all  of  the 
opportunities in front of us. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. 

Brent Bracelin 

Thank you for taking the question. Good afternoon.  

I guess one of the themes we're starting to hear more from customers is this idea of vendor consolidation, 
particularly given the tightening business cycle. Have you seen any shift in the pipeline relative to the mix 
of multi-cloud deals? Any sort of color around the customer appetite to consolidate the number of vendors 
would be super helpful. Thanks.  

Gavin Patterson 

I'll take that one. What you've seen is a very strong quarter across the board. Sales, Service, Marketing 
Cloud all posted great numbers. Every region posted great numbers: 21% up in the U.S., 33% in EMEA, 
24% in APAC. We had a strong quarter. We've got good momentum.  

As  I  look  forward,  the  pipeline  looks  really  strong  for  the  rest  of  the  year.  We  are  cognizant  of  the 
environment we're operating in,  but at the moment  we don't see that impacting  our numbers. But we're 
vigilant at all times. 

If there is a consolidation of vendors with our customers, I think we're extremely well placed. We are the 
only ones with the Customer 360. There's nobody else in the market  that’s able to offer the full suite of 
clouds. If that is the case, and customers choose to continue to move more of their business to it, we'll 
welcome  it  with  both  arms.  I  think  you  saw  some  great  examples  of  it  in  the  quarter.  The  Formula  1 
example we've been talking about is a great example of that, taking multiple clouds from us across Sales, 
Service and Marketing. 

I love the ADP example as well. Maria Black there is doing an incredible job at driving the business and 
creating  much  more  intimate  customer  relationships.  That's  all  around  the  Customer  360  and  a 
consolidation of business from other vendors towards Salesforce is part of that story.  

Whether it's a single cloud sale, whether it's the Customer 360, we're very well placed I think to take full 
advantage of that. 

Marc Benioff 

Yes. I would add, I think, that one of the highlights in the quarter was Goodyear. Rich Kramer, someone 
who  we've  built  a  really  great  relationship  with  over  a  number  of  years,  they  deployed  a  number  of  our 
different products; now they're deploying our Commerce Cloud, and it's a great example by having a full 
suite  of products and  also  by augmenting those  products with our  acquisition strategy over the  last few 
years, we really have just a tremendous opportunity with every single customer to extend and expand, to 
land and go. This is just a moment where I think that there will be some  consolidation with vendors and 
they will rely on the vendors that they have the most trusted relationships with. 

Operator 

13 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Your line is now open.  

Brent Thill 

Marc,  many  are  asking  on  the  M&A  strategy,  given  the  pullback  in  valuations,  do  you  change  your 
philosophy and be more aggressive here? Or are you sticking with the playbook in digesting Slack and so 
many of the other past acquisitions? 

Marc Benioff 

It's a great question. I know we're all watching the markets very closely and that we can see a rightsizing 
on a number of valuations I think that we were all quite suspect of for quite a long time. But for us, we've 
kind of laid our acquisition strategy down and we're done for a while. You can see that with many of these 
amazing  companies  that  we  acquired  with  MuleSoft,  with  Tableau,  with  Slack,  or  even  what  I  just 
mentioned with Commerce Cloud with Demandware, and the reality is there's no finish line when it comes 
to these acquisitions. They are lot of work; they're hard to integrate. When you think you're done, you're 
not done; they can surprise you. You have to take your time with them. We've realized that right from the 
beginning with our first ExactTarget acquisition to today. 

I would say that for right now we're not really looking at doing any major acquisitions. It's just not a part of 
our playbook right now. We're really focused on integrating the ones that we have. We have a lot of work 
to do still and that's our primary focus.  

Amy, do you want to add to that? 

Amy Weaver 

No. I think you've got it, Marc. Right now, large-scale M&A is just not part of our current plans. Obviously, 
we're  opportunistic  as  all  strategic  tech  companies  are,  and  I  never  say  never,  but  that  is  just  not 
something that's on our current radar screen. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 

Kash Rangan 

Hi. Thank you so much. Congratulations on a terrific quarter.  

Marc and others who have been through multiple cycles on the call here, I'm wondering why are you so 
confident with this economic cycle? What is so different about this cycle? Certainly, you talk to CEOs, you 
meet  with  them  on  a  daily  basis.  What  is  top  of  their  mind,  and  why  do  you  feel  differently  about 
Salesforce's positioning in this economic cycle? 

Then one for Amy. I just wanted to understand what gives you confidence? I think you've said something, 
faster  cash  flow  growth  and  margin  growth  in  the  press  release,  which  is  very  assuring.  Just  a  little  bit 
more detail on how you plan to get there would be great. Thank you so much. 

Marc Benioff 

Well, Kash, I think I'm going to let each one of our executives speak on this because I'll tell you that we 
have been having a lot of customer interaction right now and it’s an incredible amount. I'll tell you when I 

14 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

was down in Sydney, Australia, about three weeks ago or four weeks ago, and I was just very impressed 
with  the  level  of  economic  activity  with  all  of  these  customers.  Their  focus  on  growth,  their  focus  on 
market share, their focus on expansion, their focus on digital transformation. Then I went off to Japan and 
I was in Tokyo and, well, it was the same thing. I was with one of our very large customers, Sompo, one 
of  the  largest,  if  not  the  largest  insurance  company  in  Japan,  with  their  CEO,  Sakurada-san.  Very 
impressed with how they're investing and excited about expanding and going into new areas and looking 
at a number of our new products. They've been with us for quite a long time. All of the customers that I 
met with were growing. It was just an exciting moment.  

Then we went off to New York, same thing, same story; everyone is very motivated. These are customers 
without  a  lot  of  debt  on  their  balance  sheet.  They  have  flexibility,  they're  nimble.  They  know  what  their 
product strategies are. They're ready to go.  

Then  when  we  went  down  to  Atlanta  and  we  reviewed  our  entire  operation,  we  heard  this  consistently 
from  our  management  team.  And  when  we  went  to  Davos  last  week,  again,  across  industry,  across 
geography, while everyone is looking at rising inflation or supply chain issues or interest rate changes or 
stock market gyrations or foreign exchange shifts, at the end of the day, we all have our—we all, I think, 
are in a very different place than  we've really ever been before  and I think a lot of it has to do  with the 
pandemic. I think the pandemic gave everybody the ability to kind of do a reset and think about, “Okay. 
Now, where am I going over the next decade?” 

So in the last two years I think every company rebuilt their strategy. Look at us. We acquired Slack, our 
largest  acquisition  ever.  We  retooled.  We  built  our  CDP.  We  augmented  our  Professional  Services 
strategy. We changed our management team. We transformed who's running the company and how it's 
being run.  

We’re an example of, “Okay, we're ready for the next decade,” and I think that that example is probably 
true for all the customers that we're meeting with.  

Bret, do you want to come in and talk about some of your experiences in Davos? 

Bret Taylor 

You  put  it  well.  I  had  the  privilege  of  having  about  30  one-on-one  CEO  conversations  in  Davos,  CEOs 
from different regions around the world, different industries. I was really pleasantly surprised to just hear 
how much customers are leaning into their digital investments. Some like the consumer goods companies 
have been really impacted by both the supply chain and inflation and are really focused on how to invest 
in digital technologies to take down some of their costs, to absorb some of that and avoid price increases. 
Then some other businesses, I talked to the CEO of a beauty company that has seen increased demand 
as we all leave the house for the first time in the past couple of years and was really focused on growth. 

The  theme  in  all  of  them  was  whether  you're  investing  in  digital  technology  to  connect  with  your 
customers  or  investing  in  digital  technology  to  drive  productivity,  we  continue  to  be  one  of  the  most 
strategic vendors and the trusted digital advisor for all of these CEOs across every industry.  

I read the same headlines as everyone else, and I'm cognizant of the volatility in the economy. As Gavin 
said, we're just focused on being relevant, being the most trusted digital advisor to each of our customers. 
As  Marc  said,  we  believe  that  if  we  form  those  trusted  relationships,  especially  in  times  where  our 
customers  need  that  resilience  and  need  that  from  us,  we  will  come  out  of  these  gaining  market  share 
and gaining trust with our customers. 

Marc Benioff 

15 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Well, (cross-talking). 

Amy Weaver 

Hi—sorry Marc, I cut you off. 

Marc Benioff 

I think Bret said it really well, connecting with our customers, connecting with employees through Slack, 
connecting with our data with Tableau, connecting with our partners. These are major themes that we're 
hearing.  

Amy, what did you hear in your discussions? 

Amy Weaver 

Davos  was  fascinating.    There's  no  better  opportunity  to  connect  with  hundreds  of  customers  across 
there. One of the things I really heard was a focus on efficiency. Companies are looking for partnerships 
and  looking  for  companies  like  Salesforce  that  can  help  them  both  grow  and  become  more  efficient  as 
they do it. It was an incredible week and a great opportunity. 

Bret Taylor 

Gavin, do you want to (inaudible)? 

Gavin Patterson 

What  I  heard  from  customers  last  week  and  more  generally,  I  think  we're  just  more  important  to  our 
customers than we were in previous cycles. We've got a more strategic relationship, a relationship that is 
more of  a trusted  advisor.  I think that's because we have a full suite of clouds and a full  Customer 360 
solution that can solve  multiple problems for them.  If  their  issue is growth, we've got  a solution that will 
allow them to drive growth. If it's about productivity and cost transformation and efficiency, we've got the 
right combination for that as well. 

It's  about  relevance,  and  we  heard  this  time  and  time  again,  that  increasingly  the  digital  transformation 
agenda, the narrative around it is not running out of steam in spite of concerns about the environment. It's 
becoming  more—I  think  even  more  important,  and  we're  better  placed  than  any  other  company  to  help 
our customers through that. 

Marc Benioff 

One of the customers I met with  in Davos,  State Farm, I think about the huge journey that we've made 
with them. Michael Tipsord, the CEO, and of course Keith Block, our good friend is on their Board now, all 
excited because they're expanding with our Field Service product and that product didn't even exist when 
we  first  signed  our  agreement  with  them.  Customer  360  continues  to  expand  for  them.  They're  able  to 
take their single source of truth and bring it to new use cases, and I think that that's something that I'm 
really excited about as we expand with all of these customers.  

Thank you very much for this great question. 

Amy Weaver 

16 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Kash, to follow up on your question on cash flow, for cash flow our philosophy is that our OCF and FCF 
should increase faster than revenue as we're increasing our operating margin, which we are.  

In terms of confidence levels both on the cash and the operating margin, much of this comes back to the 
focus  on  disciplined  growth.  This  is  not  a  passing  fad.  I'm  a  huge  believer  that  constraints  make  for  a 
stronger and more innovative company and this is the focus across every part of the company. So where  
my confidence comes from is really seeing all of our leaders at Salesforce stepping up to this challenge 
and meeting it.. 

Operator 

Your last question today comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 

Phil Winslow 

Hi. Thanks for taking my question.  

You've  touched  on  Sales,  Marketing  and  Commerce  Clouds.  I  wanted  to  focus  in  on  Service  because 
you've been pretty vocal about just the transformational changes that are going in on customer service. 
What  are  customers  telling  you  right  now  in  terms  of  where  they  are  in  their  journeys  there  in  terms  of 
transformation? Also, we've obviously seen some big contracts signed from contact center vendors kind 
of along this theme, too. I wonder if you could just talk us through what you're seeing from customers and 
what your kind of conviction level is in Service Cloud going forward. 

Bret Taylor 

Thank you. That's a great  question.  Service continues to be the  anchor tenant  of our Customer 360 for 
our largest customers, particularly our longstanding customers like State Farm. What I’m hearing from our 
customers  I  think  is  really  reflected  in  our  product  strategy,  which  is  really  the  completeness  of  our 
Service portfolio. Customers like State Farm, the reason they expanded in Q1 is because they expanded 
with Field Service. We do field service, we do ticketing, we do contact centers, we do digital service, self-
service and chat bots. When you think about your customer interactions and you particularly think about 
this volatile economic environment, that portfolio not only helps you increase customer satisfaction, but do 
so in a way that reduces costs.  

I  love  that  ADT  example  I  gave  in  the  script  because  it  was  an  example  when  ADT  managed  to  do 
200,000 virtual service visits and avoid sending out trucks 80% of the time, their customers were happier 
and  they  reduced  costs.  The  reason  we  can  do  that  is  because  we  have  the  most  complete  service 
portfolio in the market. We're really excited about that.  

I'm  excited—again,  it  goes  back  to  our  strategy  of  organic  innovation,  and  as  Gavin  said,  the 
completeness of our product portfolio. Particularly as our customers look to consolidate vendors, the fact 
that we can really be the entire front office for our customers is incredibly differentiated, and our Customer 
360 portfolio continues to be one of the main reasons why our customers choose our product offerings. 

Operator 

This concludes our Q&A for today. Mr. Evan Goldstein, I turn the call back over to you. 

Evan Goldstein 

17 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc. – First Quarter FY23 Earnings Conference Call, May 31, 2022 

Thank you for joining us on the call today. 

Marc Benioff 

Evan, I want to congratulate you on  two great years in IR, and we couldn't be more excited for you. So 
let's end this the way we started it with some big props and congratulations for you. 

Evan Goldstein 

Thanks Marc and the rest of the leadership team. Really appreciate it.  

If you have any questions for us, feel free to reach out at investor@salesforce.com. We look forward to 
talking next quarter. 

Marc Benioff 

(Inaudible). 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect. 

18 
ViaVid  has  made  considerable  efforts  to  provide  an  accurate  transcription.  There  may  be  material  errors,  omissions,  or  inaccuracies  in  the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262    1-604-929-1352    www.viavid.com  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
